DOCSP-46884 Abort signal support (#979)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/cursor.txt

   :language: javascript
   :start-after: start close cursor example
   :end-before: end close cursor example

Abort
~~~~~

> You can manage a cursor's resources and cancel cursor operations if they're no
> longer needed using an `abort signal <{+api+}/types/Abortable.html>`__.  You can
> pass the ``signal`` command to the following methods:

Reviewer: I would rephrase this to be little more direct. The resource management is more of the "why" and I think we should lead with the "what"
```suggestion
You can cancel cursor operations and close your connection by using an `abort signal <{+api+}/types/Abortable.html>`__.  This can help you manage your resources by releasing the memory and network resources used by the cursor if they're no longer needed. 

You can pass the ``signal`` command to the following methods:
```

   :language: javascript
   :start-after: start close cursor example
   :end-before: end close cursor example

Abort
~~~~~

You can cancel cursor operations by using an `abort signal
<{+api+}/types/Abortable.html>`__.  This can help you manage your resources by
releasing memory and network resources used by the cursor if they're no longer
needed.

You can pass the ``signal`` command to the following methods:

- ``collection.find()``
- ``collection.findOne()``
- ``collection.aggregate()``
- ``collection.countDocuments()``
- ``db.listCollections()``
- ``db.command()``

To use an abort signal, create an ``AbortController`` instance and extract the
``signal`` from the controller. In this code example, the process listens for a
``SIGINT`` (``Ctrl+C``) to trigger the ``abort()`` method. You can pass the
``signal`` option to the ``find()`` method to abort the cursor operation if the
signal triggers, as shown in the following example:

.. literalinclude:: /code-snippets/crud/cursor.js
   :language: javascript
   :start-after: start abort cursor example
   :end-before: end abort cursor example

.. note::
   
   This feature is experimental. Aborting a signal closes a connection, which 

>    might cause unnecessary connection reestablishment.

Reviewer: I would move this note up to line 176.

Author: Was thinking of moving this higher, will update!
